[Music]
hello hello hello oh you are hello hold
who's that I don't know you don't know
no oh oh hello hello hello hello
you got you Barbara no oh who is it I
don't know you don't know no hold hello
hello hello hello hello hello where are
you ringing info I don't know you don't
know now oh dear are you in no no where
are you then I don't know
oh dear is it raining no not right now
no no all I don't know who you are I
don't know no I don't never mind
oh hello oh oh dear oh hello hello hello
hello I don't know who you are but I
don't know no but I'm gonna have to go
now
alright alright that no yeah I'll have
to go now yeah no no no why not I don't
know
Oh to make a tourist oh but after not oh
good afternoon yes I have you yes
Who am I speaking with or who would you
like to speak with I don't know who are
you calling
I don't know why are you calling what's
the name of the person you're calling I
don't know why did you dial this number
I don't know I gone girl allow dead
you'd have to give me a name I'm so
sorry if not I'll have to disconnect you
you have to give me a name or why are
you calling this number no you're not
going to know all right could you please
hang up the phone thank you no why
I don't know were you sick yes
what's wrong with you I don't know
well I'm so sorry I can't help you you
need to contact the doctor if you're
sick no but why are you doing this today
I don't know you have a Bible to read
today no why don't you read a Bible I
don't know come on you to read a Bible
and you'll be comforted yes didn't I saw
a girl of law dead
oh no no where are you I don't know you
don't know we are no but you have a
phone and you're calling me from a phone
yes what's your number
I don't know what number did you dial I
don't know you must know what number you
dial man you dollar number well I must
tell yes all right you have a nice day
no why I don't know you're alive and
well God has given you breath we have a
lot to give you thanks for yes so just
give him thanks all right
yes okay now bye bye god bless you know
okay just give God thanks have a nice
day No
[Music]
yes
oh I don't feel any espresso no no no
oh no no no
no I don't feel any different we'll
reach for the sky yes
I called Ramallah Louden
no leave yourself